If you’re new to roleplaying or are unfamiliar with IC and OOC please read on. If not, skip to the next section.

SS14 is at its core a roleplaying game - You play a role in the Sector through your character which you can customise from the lobby prior to joining the game. You can select the roles or jobs your character plays via the customisation menu too. When you’re in a round playing your character, you are IC or In Character. When you’re in character you forget of the outside world and you play as if you’re a member of the sector's population.

Therefore, OOC or Out of Character is any conversations you have outside of the game world e.g. in the OOC chat, on discord or with your friends. Do not discuss anything that can give you an advantage in PvP (Player versus Player) interactions in OOC.  This form of metagaming will get you banned if discovered.

If you suspect a player in game is metagaming (e.g. they've perfectly flanked in combat without communication) then report them via ahelp or discord.

Antagonists, factions and RDM

If in your character customisation settings you selected a Faction to be a part of, be they TDF, TFA, TiC or SD.  You are aligned with that faction and all others within it, and bound to their rules and to act as a member of this faction.

RDM or random deathmatch is the act of killing someone for no reason or attempting to. If you are being attacked it is likely the other person could be an antag but if you’re unsure, ask the admins for help (ahelp) to check this when convenient.

Self antag or self antagonising is when you go out of your way to break the law, damage a station or commit murder. Breaking the law is not inherently self antagging, but murdering, attacking, attempting to break into high security areas etc are examples of self antagging and require strong roleplay and story reasons.

Being an antagonist is not an excuse to go on a murder spree. Your job is to drive elements of a story which on occasion will include involving others and creating a narrative that's enjoyable to be a part of. Try to have fun, but not at everyones expense.
